# Topic_Modelling/Latent_Dirichlet_Allocation(LDA)/Latentr_Semantic_Analysis
This project discusses the unsupervised topic modelling tasks carried out on the Honeywell glass door manufacturing company dataset which are positive and negative reviews given by the staffs and anonymous customers  obtained from the Kaggle data repository. I would be employing two different topic modelling algorithms namely: Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA) and the Latent Semantic Analysis (LSA) to extract the abstract topics from the given corpus. The coherence score will be used to compare both methods to determine the best number of topics for each model. 
Employees and customers will unavoidably air out their experiences with the company, product or services rendered in form of reviews. Companies spend a lot of time and money to keep track of the comments given to protect themselves as well as to optimize the treatments to the staffs and improve generally the quality of their service to potential customers. Topic modelling is a powerful tool used in natural language processing (NLP). It helps the company to analyze a large textual document to find out what the document is talking about. In NLP, the latent Dirichlet allocation method is a generative statistical model that allows sets of observation to be explained by unobserved groups that shed light on similarities of the textual data by discovering topics and then automatically classifies them within the collection in terms of how relevant these individual documents are to each of the discovered topics. LDA assumes that the words found in each document are related. LDA consists of two parts, the words within a document (know factor) and the probability of words belonging to a topic which is required to be calculated. The algorithm tries to determine how many words belong to a specific topic for a given document. Additionally, it attempts to determine how many documents belong to a specific topic due to the existence of a certain word. LSA, also known as latent semantic index (LSI), on the second hand is also a topic modelling method used for concept searching and automated document categorization. It has several drawbacks and the major one of them is its inability to capture

multiple meaning of words. LSA learns latent topics by performing a matrix decomposition on the document-term matrix using singular value composition which could be understood as typical dimension reduction or noise reducing technique. I would be using both the LDA and LSA methods then I would compare the topic coherence measure which is a widely used performance metric to evaluate the topics models. 
Reviews make a great distinction in how consumers/customers/users feel about a product of a company. It could tell how much they are satisfied or not after the purchase and use of a particular product which could help the manufacturing companies identify ways to improve the quality of their products/services. This also applies to the reviews, both positive and negative comments, of the employees in a company.
 The problem is how do they understand how the customers or employees really feel based on these reviews recorded as “pros” and “cons”.

Keywords: Topic modelling, Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA), Latent Semantic Analysis (LSA), positive reviews (pros), staffs, customers.

FUZZY_LOGIC_CONTROLLER_DESIGN
In this second task I will be using the MATLAB fuzzy toolbox, Mamdani fuzzy inference system to be precise. Five inputs; temperature, flow of water in pipes, smoke/steam detectors in kitchen, outdoor & indoor light ambience, and 6 outputs; shower temperature, cold & hot valves, extraction fan in kitchen, indoor light and finally the AC/ heater was implemented.
